.TH TPTYREPLAY 1 "30 Mar 2017" "1.1" "tptyreplay man page"
.SH "NAME"
tptyreplay \- play back typetpty (typescript), using timing information
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B tptyreplay
[options]
.B \-t
.I timingfile
.B \-s
.I typetpty
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This program replays a typetpty, using timing information to ensure that
output happens in the same rhythm as it originally appeared when the 
.BR tpty(1)
or
.BR GNU/script(1)
was recorded.
.B tptyreplay
also provides some subcommands for controling the player.
.PP
.B tptyreplay
is only guaranteed to work properly if run on the same type of
terminal the typetpty was recorded on.  Otherwise, any escape characters
in the typetpty may be interpreted differently by the terminal to
which
.B tptyreplay
is sending its output.
.PP
The
.I timingfile
which specified by
.B \-t
is what
.BR tpty (1)
outputs to
.I recordfile
if it is
run with the
.B \-t
parameter.
.PP
The
.I typetpty
which specified by
.B \-s
is what
.BR tpty (1)
outputs to
.I outfile
if it is 
run with the
.B \-o
parameter.
.PP
If the 
.B \-d
.I divisor
parameter is specified, it is used as a speed-up multiplier.
For example, a speed-up of 2 makes
.B tptyreplay
go twice as fast, and a speed-up of 0.1 makes it go ten times slower
than the original session.
.SH OPTIONS
Valid options are:
.TP
.B \-t 
\fIfile\fR
File containing \fBtpty\fR's timing output.
.TP
.B \-s
\fIfile\fR
File containing \fBtpty\fR's terminal output.
.TP
.B \-d
\fInumber\fR
Speed up the replay displaying this
.I number
of times.  The argument is a floating point number.  It's called divisor
because it divides the timings by this factor.
.TP
.B \-m
\fInumber\fR
Set the maximum delay between transcript updates to
.I number
of seconds.  The argument is a floating point number.  This can be used to
avoid long pauses in the transcript replay.
.TP
.B Subcommands
Valid interactive subcommands are:


.TP
.B SPACE
Pause/Play.
.TP
.B u
Make two times faster than the current speed.
.TP
.B d
Make two times slower than the current speed.
.TP
.B b
Playback one record of the timing file.
.TP
.B f
Fast-forward one record of the timing file.
.TP
.B Any other key
Resume to the original speed.
.TP
.B ^C
End display.

.SH "NOTES"
The subcommand '\fBb\fP' and '\fBf\fP'
are weakly supported.
Before playback, you must pause (subcommand '\fBSPACE\fP') the replay first.

.SH "EXAMPLE"
Record and replay:
.nf

    % tpty -o tpty.out -r tpty.tm "${SHELL:-/usr/bin/ksh}"
    % ls
    <etc, etc>
    % exit
    <exit>
    % tptyreplay -t tpty.tm -s tpty.out

.nf
If the \fBtpty\fP session is still active,
you can monitor the user's action by running:
.nf

    % tptyreplay -t tpty.tm -s tpty.out -m0

.nf
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tpty (1) script(1) scriptreplay(1)
.SH "AUTHOR"
The 
.B tptyreplay
was based on
GNU/Linux
.B scriptreplay
program.
The program was re-written by
Cun Gong (gong_cun@bocmacau.com)
to work on both AIX, Mac OS X and GNU/Linux.

